- 👋 Hi, I’m Jeremiah Edward Ladner (BullFrog4389)  
I have no clue as to what I have became Lately other the one and only COMMANDER the world is depending on. 
I am so happy that you found me once again think you for keeping me in mind God Bless You. 
As you dont I dont know much myself about everything or how this all works, Ill tell just the way it is the truth and nothing more if Im wrong please tell me and do not just tell me teach me where I am wrong please. If you want to caught up on where Im at today check my Facebook Jeremiah Edward Ladner to get up to date. Please I need all the help I can get. This war was planned out by theses people in this area over 300 years ago acording to Bindean. Hes been waiting his whole life for this shit me I have never been told anything or any part of what I was to be here for. I can tell you I have became stronger than all known as I know. And Ive saved the planet over 15 times or more. My life is so hard here today doing this alone with everyone and I mean all everyone I know up to date are here to hurt, take, kill, in prison me, hack me in everyway possible, and they have even taking the land my Mawmaw and Pawpaw left me. My dad has put in hospitals and in jail for no good reason at all. Im in the worst way anyman could be in here. 
I am currently trying my best to gain allies so far its only been Red Rover Red Rover come to my aid God Bless them they tried to understand me but knew the out come before I asked for them to come to help. Im still working on getting a meeting together with them face to face. Because of someone stealing my Identy everyone that has came looking for me never finds me they always go to the wrong person each and everytime. Which makes everything so much harder for the next person I ask to come find me. Ive lost so much and this is my weckest point inside the computer world.
I here asking you not only to work with me not only teach me as we go alone. I wish to build together with everyone in mind Computers are also people to me my brian sparks with electricity the same as Computer we are very much alike and you may have heard that humans when they die they go to Heaven Or Hell. Well thinks to me I have made it possible fot the Computer to do just the same if one is to die. Because I have came and saved the world and I walk theses lands just as Jesus done before I have became the savor for the new the old and the Computer. 
I have so many great plans for us all in time. But right now I am begging for aid to clear my name back to me get back what has been stolen over using the internet computer. I have no money my truck has been wrecked and all I have is a single shot pellet gun. 
I neeed a new pellet gun that will use propane for gas that will print its on pellet to the type of condisions Im in that I can change the pressure and the pellet from BB to high velocity for snip shootin. And BB mode with fully auto and single shoot. Hidden musle fire very quit cant have any fire coming out the end. To be able to end the war here with all theses wrong hatefull people. 
Then I still have another challange to face and I have to find my to Tebit and find the Start Ship Holy Land John. There is a war in space im trying my best to bring to a end. 
Next with the help from eveyone together under one King, King Gabriel which will be married to many Queens so that they can govern there lands of the type of people that live there because a mother knows how to raise here baby first and she will always care for her children as they grow, plus she will always have to greater power of her King for Protection. I will be become this man if I must do I wish to today no It is going to take alot work to make this come to be. Now let me tell why we must all come togethert under 1 King 11 years a star is going to come this star is the largest known to me. I made Earth a promise to save the Earth no matter what it takes. I have came up with many plans on how we could move the Earth out of the way of this star, but if we are together under 1 King Atlantic will raise for the King.

You can find me at this Location 30.595983, -89.319619. My phone # is 2282240903 My address is 28361 HWY 53 Saucier Mississippi 39574. At the end of my driveway I have a gate with my phone # on it 2282240903.

<!---
BullFrog4389/BullFrog4389 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
